{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\b\fs36 Understanding Relationship Conventions}\par
\par
TheModernFamily uses clear visual conventions to represent different types of relationships. Use this guide to interpret and create relationships accurately.\par
\par
[Insert the "relationship-conventions.svg" image here]\par
\par
{\b Legend}\par
{\listtext\'95} Person Node: Rounded rectangle. Color indicates status (alive, deceased, etc.).\par
{\listtext\'95} Union Node: Small gray rectangle. Represents a partnership (marriage, common-law, etc.).\par
\par
{\b Relationship Lines}\par
{\listtext\'95} Marriage: Solid pink line\par
{\listtext\'95} Divorce: Dashed red line\par
{\listtext\'95} Separated: Dashed orange line\par
{\listtext\'95} Common-law: Dashed gold line\par
{\listtext\'95} Engaged: Dashed magenta line\par
{\listtext\'95} Dating: Solid light pink line\par
{\listtext\'95} Ex-partner: Dashed gray line\par
{\listtext\'95} Parent-to-union: Solid blue line from person to union node\par
{\listtext\'95} Union-to-child: Solid blue line from union node to child\par
{\listtext\'95} Step-child: Dashed blue line\par
{\listtext\'95} Adoption: Dashed blue line (longer dashes)\par
{\listtext\'95} Godparent/Guardian: Dashed green line\par
{\listtext\'95} Default/Other: Solid slate line\par
\par
{\b How to Create Each Relationship}\par
{\listtext\'95} Partner relationships: Connect two people using side handles (marriage-right/marriage-left).\par
{\listtext\'95} Parent-child: Connect union node to child (bottom handle to top handle).\par
{\listtext\'95} Step/adoptive: Use the Relationship Type Modal to select the correct type.\par
\par
Refer to the diagram above for a visual reference of each relationship type.\par
} 