{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\b\fs36 Getting Started with TheModernFamily}\par
\par
Welcome to {\b TheModernFamily}! This guide will help you get started, introduce the app's main features, and show you how to begin building your family tree.\par
\par
{\b\fs28 What is TheModernFamily?}\par
TheModernFamily is an interactive, privacy-focused app for building, visualizing, and sharing your family tree. It supports complex relationships, migration history, timelines, and secure collaboration.\par
\par
{\b\fs28 Key Features}\par
{\listtext\'95} {\b Interactive Family Tree Canvas}: Add, edit, and visualize people and relationships.\par
{\listtext\'95} {\b Relationship Conventions}: Supports marriages, divorces, step-families, adoptions, and more.\par
{\listtext\'95} {\b Timeline & Globe View}: See your family's migration and history over time and space.\par
{\listtext\'95} {\b Collaboration}: Invite others to view or edit your tree.\par
{\listtext\'95} {\b Privacy & Security}: Your data is encrypted and protected.\par
\par
{\b\fs28 Supported Devices}\par
{\listtext\'95} Modern browsers (Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Edge)\par
{\listtext\'95} Desktop, laptop, and most tablets\par
\par
{\b\fs28 Signing Up and Logging In}\par
{\listtext 1.} Go to the TheModernFamily homepage.\par
{\listtext 2.} Click {\b Sign Up} to create a new account, or {\b Log In} if you already have one.\par
{\listtext 3.} Follow the prompts to enter your email and password.\par
\par
You're now ready to create your first family tree!\par
} 